This directory contains a number of examples from the McGraw-Hill text
Java Structures, by Duane A. Bailey.  The main purpose of these examples is
to provide working applications of data structures to support the text, but
they may also be useful starting points for other more sigificant applications.

Included here are the java sources.  To compile these sources on your
platform, it will be necessary for you to include the structure.jar file in
your CLASSPATH (on unix-like machines) or in your project (in environments).

* To set the class path, it is important you add the full path to the
  file structure.jar.  For example, in Bourne-like shells, you set the
  environment variable CLASSPATH as follows:
       CLASSPATH=.:XXX/structure.jar
       export CLASSPATH
  where XXX is replaced by the directory that contains the structure.jar
  file.

* Alternatively, you may set the class path to include the directory that
  contains the structure directory.  Within the structure directory is
  the set of .class files that make up the structure package.  The advantage
  to this technique is that the class files can be added and removed from
  the package easily.  The disadvantage is that is can slow compilation by
  a very little bit.

Each of the source files includes a number of comments of the form
    //+tagname
     ...
    //-tagname
that delimit regions of interest within the code.  Often, these regions
correspond directly to figures within the text.  Two other regions are
of special interest --- those delimited by the tags input and output.
The text within the "input" tagged region is sample text to be provided
the program; the text within the "output" tagged region is the corresponding
output.  I use these regions to test the code in a *very* cursory manner.
If you find a discrepancy, please report it to me (bailey@cs.williams.edu).

There are are also a couple of examples that are not found within the text,
but for example, might be answers to problems.  The same comments hold true:
enjoy.

More examples will appear, over time, on the web, including example lab 
assignments and supporting Java applets.  Please feel free to download
anything found off the McGraw-Hill page:
     http://www.mhhe.com/javastructures
or my page:
     http://www.cs.williams.edu/~bailey/JavaStructures

If you have items to contribute, please contact me!


Regards,
 Duane Bailey
 Department of Computer Science
 Williams College
 Williamstown, Massachusetts 01267
