Hello-
   First, thank you for considering this software (and, I hope, my text)!
   Next, most of this, except the text of course, will be available over 
the Web.  For the immediate future, from Williams:
       http://www.cs.williams.edu/~bailey/JavaStructures
   and later from McGraw-Hill Higher Education:
       http://www.mhhe.edu/javastructures

This version corresponds to the first edition of the Java Structures
text, and is compatible with JDK 1.2.  If you are using a JDK1.1 version
of most compilers, you should read the README-JDK1.1.

This directory contains several items:
    * index.html -- the root of a tree of html files documenting this
		    release.  Includes links to download the latest versions
		    of this package.
    * COPYRIGHT -- basically, you're free to distribute code, intact, but
                    not the book.  All rights are reserved by
	            Duane Bailey and McGraw-Hill, etc.
    * source -- current source for the structure package.  Please report
                 missing or excess files.
    * source.zip -- the zip'd version of the sources.
    * structure -- the class files for the structure package.
                    Distracting javadoc comments have been removed, if
                    you need them put back in, please send me mail.
    * structure.zip -- the zip file I use on the Suns.
                        It should also work with CodeWarrior.  Put
                        the class file in the same folder with classes.zip
                        (on Macs, in the System folder, under Java),
                        then create some stationery with structure.zip
                        in the classes folder.  Don't forget to import it, too!
                        On suns, put the zip file in the class path.
                        Even though it's not a directory, the compiler
                        will handle it correctly.
    * examples -- The examples cited from the book.  Will be available
                   on the web as well.
    * javadoc -- this is the hierarchy of javadoc html files it consists
                  of everything generated for public methods, as well as
                  the vital missing images folder.  The suggested entry
                  is packages.html.  Everything else is accessible from
                  there.  Also available on the web from williams and
                  mhhe.com.
   

I hope this is useful to you; if it is not, PLEASE send me complaints and
comments.

Thanks,
  Duane A. Bailey (bailey@cs.williams.edu)
  Department of Computer Science
  Williams College
